clarify that RESET_STREAM_AT is an abrupt termination (#66)
quicwg/reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

might want to use a stream reset to signal that error, while at the same time
guaranteeing that all data received from the source is delivered to the peer.

This document extends QUIC with a variant of stream resets that reliably
delivers the beginning of a stream up to a sender-specified offset, communicated
using the RESET_STREAM_AT frame. As a variant of reset, application protocols

> continue to treat this stream function as an abrupt termination; see Section 2.4
> of RFC 9000.

Reviewer: deeplinks are nice

```suggestion
continue to treat this stream function as an abrupt termination; see {{Section 2.4
of RFC9000}}.
```
